# REFLECTION

The agent got pretty far with the spec. The only glaring thing the app could not do was have a timer. When I got the app initially, the timer did not work at all. The rest of the app seemed to work ok at a first glance however. But after review on a deeper level, only about 50% of my acceptance criteria passed.

I didn't really need to intervene at all in step two. It spit out a working app immediately after prompting it to read my spec and implement.

The AI review was incredibly helpful. It noticed a lot of bugs that would have taken me a long time to find just by trying the app. The AI review was super insightful and very accurate. It went a little beyond my scope of acceptance criteria, and even showed me a broken part of the app that was broken because I didn't specify it clearly enough in the spec which I thought was interesting.

So, in retrospect, my spec probably could have been a little more specific. I think I may have spent too much time explaining in many plain words what the app was going to do that I neglected more of the individual small details. I was planning at too high of a level. However, I will note I find it fascinating the difference in output of how AI restrains itself the more specific information you give it. I've found that giving short prompts with broad statements is less likely to give me what I want specifically, but more likely to give me something that works well. So I was fascinated that the AI did skip over something and then notice something was wrong because I didn't specify it well in the spec. I suppose AI could have just guessed, but it didn't, and instead had something small broken internally until I told it what I wanted. In this regard, if I'm going to be specific with AI, then I realize I will have to be hyperspecific.

I would use this workflow to save time specifically in the review stage. I think it's very important to plan out your code initially, and even if a real human writes the code, sometimes some of the bugs are faster to catch by an AI. However, when writing more creative projects, I would prefer some more back and forth as you sort of discover what you want along the way with a project. This plan specifically means you need to know exactly what you want at the beginning; however, sometimes you don't know what you want until you keep working and see what you don't want or begin to realize what's missing. At least, that's how project flow usually works for me and this process specifically interrupts that flow.